After a successful make, you can run the simulation in one of 3 ways:
A macro file to run in batch mode (spice.mac for exmaple), a visual run with 
altvis.mac, or via a script for several runs with one command etc.

A non-visual SPICE batch run will produce a g4out.root ROOT file containing chosen
histograms and a kin.dat kinematics data file.
These can then be moved to wherever in a script for example.
A visual run can also be ran in batch to produce a HepRep visualisation file used
for when the detector needs to be visualised (not often), but mostly in the OGL 
viewer ran using ./Griffinv10 command and some subsequent inputs for just the chamber.

There are 3 parts to the target system: A backer that is furthest from the detector
rings (furthest downstream), the target itself that is in the middle, and finally
the protector that is the first point-of-impact for the beam and is the nearest 
part to the detetor rings (furthest upstream).
Each part of the target system, if used, must have a material, a surface density
(with units) and a thickness (with units) fully defined in the macro. Materials 
that are not defined within the MyMaterial framework within DetectorConstructionSuppressed.cc
will seg-fault the program. Once this is so, it is
worth checking the targets have been placed correctly in the simulation.

The targets are positioned as follows: 
1) Densities and thicknesses are defined after an initial beam position (/DetSys/gun/position)
2) Materials are then defined for the components with densities and thicknesses already
entered
3) Will place in the order: backer, then target, then protector
    - the target will be centred on the beam position

It is also worth checking
the beam distribution chosen sits where you want it to as defined by the macro (e.g. uniform through the target from '/Detsys/gun/BeamDistro 1') 
which can be done with the visualisation macro also.
To check:
1) './Griffinv10' in terminal (no macro used)
2) /vis/open OGL
3) enter 

/vis/viewer/set/viewpointThetaPhi 90 0 deg

/vis/viewer/zoom 25

/vis/viewer/pan -250.0 0.0 mm

on three separate calls to the command line within the viewer

Following 1), 2), and 3) you should be viewing the target to check visually if the beam is withni the target in z
There is output in the ROOT file generated that plots the values of the x, y, and z to quantitatively 
check the beam distribution. The limits of the histogram may have to be altered depending on the position 
of the beam. This can be turned off by uncommenting the fill commands at the point of emission in
PrimaryGeneratorAction.cc.

The field file must match with the geometry used to create the chamber. These are 
two separate lines in the macro that can be easily overlooked but will invalidate your results.

You can feed a beam distribution through a SPICE target into the simulation via the
"/Detsys/gun/FileDistro 1" boolean command. When the command is invoked it reads a
file specified by the name of the target material e.g. if the target material is gold
the simualtion will read a file gold.dat within the build folder.
You call a bool, but it opens a file based on the name of your target material as
defined from within DetectorConstructionSuppressed.cc.
The beam file contains 2 columns - the first is the z-position value of the beam, and
the second is the weighted probability of emission from that position. The probabilities 
do not have to sum to 1.

Occasionally the program enters a geometric error loop. It will exit. 

The macro for both the batch run (spice.mac), and the visualisation run
have line-by-line comments. 
